docker: Automatically build teleport-lab image nightly based on latest Teleport version (#7692)
gravitational/teleport: docs/postrelease.md

  - Example: https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/4602
- [ ] Create PR to update default Teleport image referenced in docker/teleport-quickstart.yml and docker/teleport-ent-quickstart.yml
  - Example: https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/4655

> - [ ] Create PR to update default Teleport image referenced in docker/teleport-lab.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Create PR to update the `quay.io/gravitational/teleport-lab` image tag referenced in docker/teleport-lab.yml
```
